# web-app-and-admin-dashboard-template
Elisyam is the complete package that was built to help you create a custom and unique user interface for your project.  With Elisyam you’re not limited to creating a single page for your admin panel. You’ll have over many pre-built page templates to choose from, covering many popular scenarios and content types. Like the main admin demos, all the page templates are highly customizable.  You can add any of the pre-built UI elements to your design. The options are vast, with elements including buttons, badges, widgets, timeline, modals, progress bars, and more. They can all be customized to ensure they fit in or contrast with the rest of your dashboard as desired.  Elisyam is packed with pages that come complete with documented code to simplify the customization process.  FEATURES 7 Different Dashboards Built With Bootstrap 4 Email Template (v 1.2.3) Vertical &amp; Horizontal Layouts Fully Responsive 1000+ Fonts Icons 500+ UI Elements Datatables HTML5 &amp; CSS3 Quick Chat Panel Lots of widgets Easy to Customize Many Charts Options (Chart.js) Validation Form Form Wizards Clean &amp; Commented Code Extended Documentation FREE Lifetime Updates DASHBOARDS Smarthome Clean Default Modern Compact Social APPLICATIONS Calendar Mail Contact Chat PAGES Authentication Login Login 02 Register Forgot Password Lock Screen Mail Confirmation Error Pages 404 Style 01 404 Style 02 Pricing Tables Style 01 Style 02 Social Pages Newsfeed Events About Friends Groups Gallery Videos Coming Soon Invoices Profile Search FAQ TEMPLATE LAYOUTS Vertical Navigation Horizontal Navigation Folded Navigation Offcanvas Sidebar ELEMENTS Alerts Accordion Charts DatatTables Datepicker Timepicker Timeline Maps Modal Notifications Tooltips Progress Popovers &amp; More… CHANGELOG Click here to access the Changelog.  BROWSER SUPPORT Elisyam works with all modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari) including Edge.  SUPPORT Available in English &amp; French.  Support requests made via item comments will not be answered so please contact us in our support center.  Important: Images shown in the demo are stock images and are not included in the package.
